Choose Web UI Links (#22968)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/razor.md

---
no-loc: [Home, Privacy, Kestrel, appsettings.json, "ASP.NET Core Identity", cookie, Cookie, Blazor, "Blazor Server", "Blazor WebAssembly", "Identity", "Let's Encrypt", Razor, SignalR]
---

> This tutorial teaches ASP.NET Core MVC web development with controllers and views. If you're new to ASP.NET Core web development, consider the [Razor Pages](xref:tutorials/razor-pages/razor-pages-start) version of this tutorial, which provides an easier starting point. See <xref:tutorials/choose-web-ui>, which compares the benefits of ASP.NET Core UI functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial teaches ASP.NET Core MVC web development with controllers and views. If you're new to ASP.NET Core web development, consider the [Razor Pages](xref:tutorials/razor-pages/razor-pages-start) version of this tutorial, which provides an easier starting point. See <xref:tutorials/choose-web-ui>, which compares Razor Pages, MVC, and Blazor for UI development..
```
